CHANGELOG for 3.6.0 (#183)
fleetdm/fleet: CHANGELOG.md

## Fleet 3.6.0 (Jan 7, 2021)

* Add the option to set up an S3 bucket as the storage backend for file carving.

> * Add option to run the Fleet application using Docker as a non-root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build Docker container with Fleet running as non-root user.
```

> * Add support to read in the MySQL password and JWT key from a file using Docker secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support to read in the MySQL password and JWT key from a file.
```

* Improve the `fleetctl preview` experience by automatically completing the set up process and configuring fleetctl for users.

* Restructure the documentation into three top level sections titled "Using Fleet," "Deployment," and "Contribution."

> * Fix a bug that made the query editor render stranely in Safari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug that made the query editor render strangely in Safari.
```
